We've covered a lot of ground in this lesson.
You've looked at a number of AWS services,
a few of their abilities and importantly how
these services can be made multi AZ or multi-region.
You've seen how server-based services and compute services
get spread out into multiple subnets which lead to multiple availability zones.
You've set up DynamoDB to work in a multi-region mode by working with
global tables and you've used advanced features to manage your data in the multi AZ,
by default S3 service.
Finally, you worked with AWS compute services to understand how
to take generic custom servers and run them redundantly as well.
You should now have a good handle on which
services are suitable for which type of redundancy needs.
You've also seen some of the built-in redundancy in AWS native services.
Using this knowledge to select the appropriate services for your use case,
will save you a lot of time and effort
instead of trying to use the wrong tool for the job.
We've seen the basics of high availability in AWS and
now how to build a resilient application services.
Soon, we'll get to considering
our business goals and then observability and recoverability.